Find the current astronomer-providers (#3514)
astronomer/docs: docs-partials/runtime-image-architecture.mdx

docker run --rm <runtime-image> pip freeze | grep <provider>
```

> For example, to find the version of the current package for OpenLineage, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to find the version of the current package for Astronomer providers, run the following command:
```

> For example, to find the version of the current package for Astronomer providers, run the following command:

Author: Preview at https://deploy-preview-3514--gallant-neumann-56599d.netlify.app/astro/runtime-image-architecture#provider-package-versioning

Reviewer: Can we use a different package example? I think we have plans to no longer support `astronomer-providers`

> For example, to find the version of the current package for Astronomer providers, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to find the version of the current package for OpenLineage, run the following command:
```

```

> astro dev bash pip freeze | grep astronomer-providers

Author: ```suggestion
astro dev bash pip freeze | grep apache-airflow-providers-openlineage
```

> For example, to find the version of the current package for OpenLineage, run the following command:
> 
> ```
> astro dev bash pip freeze | grep apache-airflow-providers-openlineage

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to find the version of the current package for Astronomer providers, run the following command:

```
astro dev bash pip freeze | grep astronomer-providers
```

> astro dev bash pip freeze | grep apache-airflow-providers-openlineage

Author: ```suggestion
astro dev bash pip freeze | grep astronomer-providers
```
